Tweak copy re Stack Overflow / Server Fault / other SE network sites (#38824)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/_index.md

## Help! My question isn't covered!  I need help now!

> ### Stack Overflow / Stack Exchange

Reviewer: I know Stack Exchange manages both of them, so shouldn't this be the title instead?
```suggestion
### Stack Overflow / Server Fault?
```

Author: "Stack Exchange" technically refers to *all* the network sites, including Stack Overflow, Server Fault, and the other smaller sites mentioned in the paragraph (DevOps, Infosec...). So technically, the section title could be just "Stack Exchange"; however, Stack Overflow is by far the largest and best-known of these sites, and some people might not be familiar with "Stack Exchange" at all, hence "Stack Overflow / Stack Exchange". 

I don't feel super strongly about this, but would suggest to keep as-is.

Reviewer 2: Seems reasonable.
Aside:
Setting a fragment identifier would be slightly better in some ways:
```suggestion
### Stack Exchange, Stack Overflow, or Server Fault {#stack-exchange}
```

> Kubernetes questions related to *software development* can be asked on 
> [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/kubernetes).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have questions related to *software development* for your containerized app,
you can ask those on
```

> Kubernetes questions related to *configuration* can be asked on 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have Kubernetes questions related to *cluster management* or *configuration*,
you can ask those on
```
